{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s245 \fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\creatim\yr1994\mo3\dy3\hr9\min35}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16433}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj\hyphhotz425 \sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere \pard\plain \keepn \fs20\lang1033 {\fs12 
\par }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 # help7} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 $ Data Base: Reports} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 K Data Base;Reports;Filter} \{bmc skymovie.bmp\}   {\b\f2\fs28 Sky Movie }{
\b\f2\fs28\up6 \'ae}{\b\f2\fs28  : Data Base Reports}{\b\f2\fs28 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }\pard {\f2\fs12 
\par }\pard \qj {\f2 The }{\b\f2 Print File}{\f2  button displays or prints reports under the control of a report definition.}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 To see the report on the screen choose }{\b\f2 <Screen ( Preview )>}{\f2 . To send the report to the printer choose }{\b\f2 <Printer ( Final )>}{\f2 .}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 After this, select the report type you want and press the button }{\b\f2 <Ok>}{\f2 .}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 You can specify a }{\f2\uldb Filter}{\v\f2 help71}{\f2  of records included in the report. To do this press the }{\b\f2 <Filter>}{\f2  button to access the }{\b\f2 Record Filter }{\f2 window.}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 When the }{\b\f2 <Printer>}{\f2  button is enable, you can specify the printer you have attached to your computer. Doing this the system can choose the right report code to send to printer.}{\f2 
\par }\pard \keepn {\f2 \page }{\fs12 
\par }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 # help71} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 $ Data Base: Reports Filter} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 K Data Base;Reports;Filter} \{bmc skymovie.bmp\}   {\b\f2\fs28 Sky Movie }{
\b\f2\fs28\up6 \'ae}{\b\f2\fs28  : Data Base Reports Filter}{\b\f2\fs28 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }\pard {\f2\fs12 
\par }\pard \qj {\f2 You can specify a Filter of records included in the report. Only the records that fall within the range of records specified by the filter in the }{\b\f2 Filter }{\f2 Window are included in the report.}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 You specify the filter filling the fields with the contents you need. To activate the filter press the button }{\b\f2 <Ok>}{\f2 .}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 To eliminate the any activate filter press the button }{\b\f2 <No>}{\f2 .}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 To cancel the change press the button }{\b\f2 <Cancel>}{\f2 .}{\f2 
\par }\pard 
\par }