{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\creatim\yr1994\mo3\dy3\hr9\min35}{\version1}{\edmins0}
{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16433}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj\hyphhotz425 \sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere \pard\plain \keepn \fs20\lang1033 {\fs12 

\par }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 # help8} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 $ System: Miscellaneous} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 K System;Miscellaneous;Index;Key;Deleted;Elimination} \{bmc skymovie.bmp\}   {
\b\f2\fs28 Sky Movie }{\b\f2\fs28\up6 \'ae}{\b\f2\fs28  : System Miscellaneous}{\b\f2\fs28 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }\pard {\f2\fs12 
\par }\pard \qj {\f2 When you }{\f2 launch the Sky Movie System you first see the }{\b\f2 Logo/Copyright Window}{\f2 . After this, the system shows you the file index process progress.}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 Those two actions are automatic }{\f2 and you only need to wait for the end. Then you are placed at the Sky Movie work place.}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 Finish working the system verifies if exist any }{\f2\ul deleted record}{\v\f2 help80}{\f2 . Case}{\f2  exist one or more, you are prompt to }{\f2 answer if the system can }{\f2\ul eliminate}{\v\f2 help81}{\f2  those deleted records (}{\b\f2 Cancel}
{\f2  this operation if you intend to Recall th}{\f2 ose re}{\f2 cords with a dBMS assistance).}{\f2 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} help80}}{\f2  }{\f2\fs12 
\par }\pard \qj\ri49 {\f2 Records can be marked for deletion }{\f2 by choosing}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 the }{\b\f2 Delete}{\b\f2  }{\f2  option on the }{\b\f2 Record}{\f2  menu, or from}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 within a }{\b\f2 Tool Bar window}{\f2 .}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 Records }{\f2  marked  for  deletion }{\b\f2 aren't physically}{\b\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 removed from the file}{\f2  until they are eliminated.}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 Records }{\f2  marked  for  deletion  can  be  recalled}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 (unmarked) using a dBMS.}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 Records marked for deletion }{\b\f2 can't be seen}{\f2 .}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} help81}}{\f2  }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\b\f2\cf6 Caution}{\f2  - }{\f2\cf6 There is no way to retrieve deleted}{\f2\cf6 
\par }{\f2\cf6 records after they are eliminat}{\f2\cf6 ed}{\f2 .}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs12 
\par }{\f2 When  you  active  elimination,  the  system}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 copies all records not marked for deletion to}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 a  temporary  file.  When  the  elimination is}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 completed,}{\f2   the  system deletes the original}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 file from disk and renames the temporary file}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 with the original file name.}{\f2 
\par }\pard \qj {\f2\fs12 
\par }\pard \page {\fs12 
\par }
\par }